% How to Succeed in the Miami University Geography Graduate Program

# You and the Department

Compared the your role as an undergraduate, you will likely find
graduate school to be an adjustment. On one, academic expectations
rise fairly substantially, and you may feel yourself struggling at
times to keep up. On the other hand, most of you are also taking on
new roles as teaching assistants. At times you will likely feel these two
roles in some tension. This course is designed to prepare you for this
new experience, and to give you some tools and resource are to draw on
as you adjust.

# Engaging Students

If you have a role as a teaching assistant, a large part of your
responsibility is to the students, and the professor, you serve. This
may be the most difficult transition for you, as you are asked to move
from being a typically-passive consumer of information, to now being
asked to help teach. No matter what your specific role, central to
doing this job well is learning how to *effectively engage
students*.

# Grading and Logistics

If student engagement puts you front stage in interacting with
students, grading and other logistical work associated with
maintaining a class is obvious background work. Nevertheless, as you
will see, the frontstage and backstage are linked.

# Balancing Priorities

As you might imagine, there will be time your two role will be in
conflict. There are only so many hours in a week, and sometimes this
will involve strategic balance.

# Resources

Ultimately, success will come through the ability to adapt and to
adjust. Being able to do so will come from your ability to exploit
existing resources.
